Add Data Pipeline Template (#49)
MiBiPreT/mibiscreen: docs/application/data_pipeline_template.md

### Common Checks:
- Schema validation (ensuring expected columns, required input data or calculated parameters exists)
- Anomaly detection (flagging unexpected values)
- Data freshness checks (ensuring updates occur within expected timeframes)

#### Examples:
- Checking if any contaminant are missing calculated isotope ratios baed on Raliegh equation exist for isoptoppe analysis. 
  - Validating all the concentration values are positive numbers.  
- Monitoring real-time streaming data for sudden spikes in API errors (if we want to recive redox data of Grift park constructed wetlan from online server)

## 6. Data Analytics & Delivery (Insights & Output)
At this stage, we extract insights from processed data, either through graphs or reports.

### Examples:
- Graph: Visualize na_analysis data as traffic lights plotted for each sample
- Graph: creat Rayleigh plots
- Reports: prepare TAUW report
- APIs that serve the processed data to other services or researchers

## End-to-End Example of the Data Pipeline
1. **Ingestion:**
```python
from mibipret.data.load_data import load_csv
from mibipret.data.load_data import load_excel

# load data from csv file

> file_path = 'path/to/data/data.csv'

Reviewer: It would be nice if we could provide some (dummy) test data here, that people can use to actually run this example. For me it is now not possible to test this pipeline because I don't have any data.

Reviewer: I will try to run your codeblocks with the files from the examples.

data_raw,units = load_csv(file_path,verbose=False)

# load data from excel file per sheet 
file_path = 'path/to/data/data.xlsx'
environment_raw,units = load_excel(file_path, sheet_name = 'environment', verbose = verbose)
```
    
2. **Preprocessing:(Cleaning and Standardization)**

```Python
from mibipret.data.check_data import standardize

> # Runs all checks on data, i.e. column names (check_columns()), data format (check_data_frame()), units (check_units()), names (standard_names()) and values (check_values()) in one go and returns transformed data with standard column names and valueas in numerical type where possible. Data is reduced to those columns containing known quantities if reduce=true.

Reviewer: @sonarima Perhaps it is nice to move some of these very long comments to actual documentation text, so outside the code block. That reads nicer than as a comment inside the code block.

#Returns pandas-Series with total amount of oxidators per well in [mmol e-/l]:
    tot_oxi = na.oxidators(data,verbose = True, contaminant_group='BTEXIIN')                              

#Calculation of number of electron balance
#Returns pandas-Series with ratio of reductors to oxidators. If value below 1, available electrons for reduction are not sufficient for reaction and thus NA is potentially not taking place:
    e_bal = na.electron_balance(data,verbose = True)                               

# Evaluation of intervention threshold exceedance
#Calculation of total concentration of contaminants/specified group of contaminants
#Returns pandas-Series with total concentrations of contaminants per well in [ug/l]:
    tot_cont = na.total_contaminant_concentration(data,verbose = True,contaminant_group='BTEXIIN')                             
 
 # If you want to perform complete NA screening and evaluation of intervention threshold exceedance in one go:
 data_na = na.screening_NA(data,verbose = True)

 # It is also possible to run full NA screening with results added to data using argument (inplace = True):
 na.screening_NA(data,inplace = True,verbose = False)
```
4. **Storage:**

> `Not available`

Reviewer: Markdown has some nice syntax to create warning boxes that stand out and help warn the reader. 

```suggestion
!!! Warning
    Mibipret does not have support for file storage
```

> 5. **Validation & Monitoring for Each Data Analysis Module**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 5. Validation & Monitoring for Each Data Analysis Module

```

> This is intended task to do but not implemented yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! Warning
    This is intended behaviour but has not been implemented yet.
```

```python
# we use the `options` function to check what types of analyses/modeling/visualization/reports we can do on the dataset
# if func argument is provided, it will check whether this function is possible and if not what else is needed
mibipret.decision_support.options(st_sample_data, func=mibipret.visualize.traffic3d)

# To perform mibipret.visualize.traffic3d you need to run mibipret.analysis.na_screening
# the workflow requires the following columns: [x,y, depth]
# Row 4-19 and 28-39 have these columns defined, you can apply the function on these rows.
```

> 6. **Analytics:** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 6. Analytics:

```
